c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\bin\Debug\kursovojNew.exe.config
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\bin\Debug\kursovojNew.exe
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\bin\Debug\kursovojNew.pdb
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\FirstApp.g.cs
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\SecondApp.g.cs
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\kursovojNew_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\kursovojNew_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\FirstApp.baml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\SecondApp.baml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\kursovojNew.g.resources
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\kursovojNew.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\kursovojNew.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\kursovojNew.exe
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\kursovojNew.pdb
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\kursovojNew.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\FirstAppAnswers.g.cs
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\obj\Debug\FirstAppAnswers.baml
c:\users\den\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\kursovojNew\kursovojNew\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Speech.dll
